in the boat in the boat in the boat
finally hello
and welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft
the series where I teach English while
trying to beat Minecraft in the last
video I built this Barn do you notice
anything different about the barn
I changed the roof before the roof was
wooden it was wooden like the rest of
the barn but I changed it into a stone
roof and I think that the stone roof
looks better than the wooden roof inside
the barn
there's nothing it's completely empty so
in this video I'm going to search for
some animals to bring back to my barn
but first the roof of the barn isn't the
only thing that I built off camera
another thing that I built off camera is
right behind me
look at this
it's the bridge I finished building the
bridge that connects the building
to the staircase over there
this bridge took me a long time to build
and it also took a ton of stone
but it's finally finished and now I'll
show you the bridge
these are huge pillars that support the
bridge this is the staircase
and I started building a little path
right here that connects to the
staircase
now let's go up the staircase
up up up and this is the bridge
so
I built some fences for this side but I
ran out of fences for this side so this
side doesn't have any fences yet
but these are supposed to be cracks in
the Stone
um eventually I'll put torches on these
fences instead of having them in the
middle of the bridge right here
more cracks right here
more cracks
and I ran out of fences right here
so I'll need to build more fences to
finish the bridge
but inside the building there is
nothing
I still haven't built anything on the
inside of the building so
there's still a lot of work to be done
in here
gonna jump
and to show you the last thing that I
did off camera I need to go down to the
mine so I'll go there now
I did a lot more mining off camera
right here and right here right here
this offshoot goes on forever
I mined right here for a long time and
never ran into lava and in doing all of
this mining I found
19 more diamonds
so I found a lot more diamonds which is
good
oh
it's raining up there
it's raining
and it's night time
to sleep
sleep
all right morning morning time to go
search for some animals to bring back to
my barn I have some leads that will help
me to bring back animals and I'll also
take my boat
animals can ride with me in the boat
so I'm going to use my boat
like this this bunny is in my boat
get out get out
maybe I can use the lead
there we go
all right
get off
there we go
for a second I thought I was going to
have to kill the bunny
all right I'm off to search for some
animals to bring back to my barn
let's go
I'm gonna start sailing this way towards
the forest over there
see some cats over there
next to the villagers
whoa look at those mountains over there
huge
here are some sheep
out
all right sheep come here
get in the boat
in the boat
whoa
what's
oh no
uh
like this I don't know how to use the
leads
in the boat
in the boat come here
in the boat in the boat no come on
sheep in the boat in the boat in the
boat
finally
I had to push it into the boat
all right
let's go back to the barn
my sheep and I are going back to the
barn
all right
here we are
I'm going to get out of the boat
and use my lead on the Sheep
all right
come on let's go
right here
open
come in
and
there we go I've captured one sheep
off to find more animals
where did the Sheep go
those are llamas
there's a cow
cows are the animal that I need the most
all right come here cow
get in the boat in the boat
no
come here
in the boat
actually
oh
all right
oh let's go
I'm dragging the cow behind me
don't do this in real life because this
is animal cruelty
um
all right back to the barn
okay here we are
let's go cow come on
and cows will go in here
open
come in
all right
perfect so now I've captured a sheep and
a cow but I need two of each animal so
I'm going back to search for more
animals
I'm getting off of the boat
and I'm searching on land
a pig
all right Pig let's go
on the boats
and
I'm sailing away
[Music]
it's getting dark
all right
Pig
you will go right here open
there we go
oh
and you can have a carrot there you go
all right it's night time but I'm going
to search for more animals because I
have a diamond sword so I think I can
defend myself
back in the boat
and I'm sailing away
ooh creepers
going to get off here
I need to remember that my boat is right
here
animals
oh
I see no animals but lots of monsters
cows
sheep
pigs
where did all the animals go
animals
where are you
they're gone
no more animals
uh oh skeletons
skeletons
die
die die die die
where are the animals
okay
I give up
all right back to my boat
fast fast fast
I had to sail away from those skeletons
all right well I'm going back to my
house
I can't find any animals and there are
tons of monsters out here
so I'm going to sleep and in the morning
I'll go back to searching for animals
all right
home sweet home
open the door
and sleep
all right morning and back to searching
for animals
I'm gonna go this way
no
this is where I chop down tons of trees
to build the barn so
all of these are saplings that I planted
that will grow into trees but it'll take
a little bit of time
aha a pig
come here
let's go that way
let's go
all right
let's go to the barn
let's go to the barn Pig
and here we are
let's go
in here open
come on no no
oh
come here Pig you want a carrot
all right pigs love carrots
so now that I've captured two pigs here
I can feed them both carrots and they
will breed and make a baby pig like this
carrot
now they're
kissing each other and a baby pig
so that is why I only need two of each
animal
all right so I have three pigs but only
one sheep and one cow
so I need to find a sheep and a cow
where are you cows
another Pig
but I don't need another Pig
I need a sheep or a cow
I also don't need any chickens because I
have a lot of eggs back at my house and
I can use eggs to spawn chickens
aha a cow
all right come with me
come with me
hopefully I can find my boat
oh and another sheep
let's see if I can get both a cow and a
sheep
yeah
come on
I love these leads
this would be very difficult if I didn't
have this lead
all right
where is my boat
uh oh
I'm a little bit lost
and
I can't see very far because it's
raining
I think I need to go this way
okay yeah oh
right there
okay
I know where I am now we're almost there
like let's get in the boats
boat
and head for the barn
with my cow and my sheep
oh
I ran into the pillar
here we are
let's get off
come on
okay now this might be a little bit
difficult
cow
you go in here
come on cow
cow
stop stop no no
okay I have an idea
cow no cow stay
okay cow
stay right here
now sheep
come this way
come on sheep
sheep come on
close
open
come on sheep come on
there we go
awesome
so now I've captured two cows right here
two sheep here and
three pigs right here
and it's raining and it's night time so
I'll sleep
hello Eggbert
and sleep
okay morning
now I'm going to get some eggs
chickens will go right here
open close so if I throw a bunch of eggs
in here surely some chickens will spawn
from the eggs
so I'm going to start throwing some eggs
throw throw
[Music]
come on chickens
chickens
I thought the chickens came from eggs
maybe I just need to throw more
chickens
okay here's a baby chicken
finally I got a baby chicken from the
eggs
I need one more
ah two more cool
all right cows sheep
pigs and chickens
now I have most of the animals in
Minecraft here in my barn so now I'm
going to get some wheat and feed the
wheat to these cows okay
let's see
who eats
now back to the barn to start breeding
the cows okay cows wheat and wheat
baby cow baby cow
and sheep also like wheat here you go
[Music]
baby sheep right here
perfect and the pigs of course like
carrots the final thing that I want to
do in this video is build the enchanting
table
and in order to build the enchanting
table I will need four obsidian two
books and one diamond
so I have the diamonds I have the
diamonds and I think I have enough
leather to build the books Let's see
yeah I have four leather four leather so
that's enough to build the books so the
only thing that I will need is the
obsidian
and you get obsidian When lava and water
touch so I'm going to get a bucket
let's see a bucket and fill it with
water
I'm going to fill the bucket with water
like this
and go down to my mine and pour the
water on some of the lava down there
obsidian requires a diamond pickaxe to
mine so I'm going down to the bottom of
the world to search for lava
and I know that there's plenty of lava
down there
Okay lava
let's go down there
okay so I only need four obsidian to
build the enchanting table but you also
need obsidian in order to build another
portal so I'm going to mine a bunch of
this obsidian
by pouring water on top of the lava like
this
obsidian I don't have any torches so I'm
going to have to mine in the dark
let's see
two
tour
six
so I think I need 10 obsidian for the
Nether Portal
so all together I will need 14 obsidian
so three more
oh
that was close
I have to be careful
all right 14 obsidian I think that's
enough so
now I'm going back up to the surface
this is a really long staircase
all right
open the door
close the door
so let's see I will need
the leather
I will need sugar cane
right here
I will need diamonds and obsidian so now
I have everything that I will need to
build the enchanting table
over here
I need to use the crafting table
so
first I will turn all of this sugar cane
into paper
like this
so now I have 60 paper let's see
think it's three paper one two three
paper and one leather
makes a book
and I will need two books
so let's build one more book like that
and
one two three four obsidian
two books and one Diamond uh
no
maybe I was wrong
Maybe
it's two diamonds and one book
okay so it's two diamonds and only one
book
huh
my light turned off
[Music]
okay so I was wrong it's two diamonds
two diamonds and only one book
enchanting table
there we go so I think I'm going to end
this video right here I built an
enchanting table
and I also filled my barn with animals
if you liked this video you could leave
me a like or hit the Subscribe button
and I will see you in the next video
see ya
'll be on all right
[Music]